we survey CEOs lease officers truck
drivers cooks engineers if people are
working we've surveyed and what we know
in terms of their happiness workers all
want the same things there's three
billion working people in the world and
about 40% of them would say they're
happy in work that means about 1.8
billion or almost 2 billion people are
not happy at work what does that do both
to those people and the organizations
that they work in well let's talk about
money organizations that have a lot of
happy employees have three types of
revenue growth compared to organizations
where that's not true they outperform
the stock market by a factor of three
and if you look at employee turnover
it's half that of organizations that
have a lot of unhappy employees the
miracle thing is you don't have to spend
more money to make this happen
it's not about ping pong tables and
massages and pet walking it's not about
the perks it's all about how they're
treated by their leaders and by the
people that they work with so I'd like
to share a few ideas that create happy
employees idea number one in
organizations where employees are happy
what you find is two things for present
trust and respect leaders often say we
trust our employees we empower our
employees and then when an employee
needs a laptop and this is a true
example 15 people have to approve that
laptop so for the employee all the words
are right but 15 levels of approval for
a $1,500 laptop you've actually spent
more money than the laptop on the
approval and the employee feels maybe
they're really not trusted so what can
our organization do to have a high level
of trust the first organization that
comes to mind is Four Seasons
they have magnificent properties all
around the world and their employees are
told do whatever you think is right when
servicing the customer to hand that
trust to your employees to do whatever
they think is right makes the employees
feel great and this is why they're known
for delivering some of the best service
in the world
idea number two fairness the thing that
erodes trust in our organization faster
than anything else is when employees
feel that they're being treated unfairly
employees want to be treated the same
regardless of their rank or their
ten-year or their age or their
experience or their job category
compared to anyone else when I think
about great organizations who get
fairness right the first organization
that comes to mind is Salesforce they
found that men and women working in the
same job with the same level of
proficiency we're making different
amounts of money so immediately they
calculated the difference and they
invested three million dollars to try
and balance things out idea number three
is listening so to be a listener who
connects with all types of people we
have to unlearn a few things we've all
been taught about active listening and
eye contact and intense stare and a
compassionate look that's not listening
repeating what the person says that's
not listening being humble and always
hunting and searching for the best idea
possible that's what listening is and
employees can feel whether you're doing
that or not they want to know when they
talk to you and share an idea did you
consider it when you made a decision the
one thing that everybody appreciates and
wants when they're speaking is to know
that what they say matters so much you
might actually change your mind
otherwise what's the point of the
conversation we all know the things we
need to change the things that we need
to do differently the way you behave the
way you treat others the way you respond
the way you support defines the work
experience for everyone around you
changing to be a better person
the world is littered with those
failures but changing because there's
something you believe in some purpose
that you have where you're willing to
risk almost everything because it's so
important to you that's the reason to
change if it's not you should probably
find a different place to work
[Music]